README.md, before:

# Weather-Zone

Weather-Zone is a weather forecast application utilising multiple third-party weather forecasters, to provide address-based weather forecasts.

## Development and Local Deployment
### Environment
The development environment requires:

| Artifact                                 | Download and installation instructions       |
|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)           | https://nodejs.org/en/download/              |
| [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)            | Included with Node.js installation           |
| [git](https://git-scm.com/)              | https://git-scm.com/downloads                |
| [Python](https://www.python.org/)        | https://www.python.org/downloads/            |
| [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/)     | https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation |
| [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) | https://www.djangoproject.com/download/      |

### Setup
#### Clone Repository
In an appropriate folder, run the following commands:
```shell
> git clone https://github.com/ibuttimer/weather-zone.git
> cd weather-zone
```
Alternatively, most IDEs provide an option to create a project from Version Control.

#### Virtual Environment
It is recommended that a virtual environment be used for development purposes.
There are numerous options available; e.g. [venv](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/#creating-a-virtual-environment), [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) etc. 

Please see [Switching between environments](https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/#switching-between-environments).

#### Environment Setup
In a terminal window, in the `weather-zone` folder, run the following command to setup required environment artifacts:
```shell
> npm install
```

#### Python Setup
In the `weather-zone` folder, run the following command to install the necessary python packages:
```shell
> poetry install
```

###### Table 1: Configuration settings
| Key                                    | Value                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ENV_FILE                               | If using an environment file, specifies the file to use. Defaults to `.env` in the project root folder.                                                                              |
| PORT                                   | Port application is served on; default 8000                                                                                                                                          |
| DEBUG                                  | A boolean that turns on/off debug mode; see [Boolean environment variables](#boolean-environment-variables)                                                                          |
| SECRET_KEY                             | [Secret key](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#std-setting-SECRET_KEY) for a particular Django installation. See [Secret Key Generation](#secret-key-generation)   |
| DATABASE_URL                           | [Database url](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#databases)                                                                                                        |
| FONTAWESOME_URL                        | Fontawesome kit url. See [Use a Kit](https://fontawesome.com/docs/web/setup/use-kit)                                                                                                 |
| REQUESTS_TIMEOUT                       | Requests timeout in seconds                                                                                                                                                          |
| FORECAST_PROVIDERS                     | List of forecast providers to use, see [FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable](#forecast_providers-environment-variable).                                                          |
| LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* | Individual forecast provider configuration settings, see [LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* environment variables](#locationforecast_provider-id-environment-variables).        |
| DEFAULT_SEND_EMAIL                     | Email address to send emails from. Only valid when development mode is enabled, in production mode emails are sent from `EMAIL_HOST_USER`                                            |
| EMAIL_HOST                             | SMTP server to send email. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                               |
| EMAIL_USE_TLS                          | Use Transport Layer Security (TLS) flag; see [Boolean environment variables](#boolean-environment-variables), default true. Only valid when production mode is enabled.              |
| EMAIL_PORT                             | SMTP server port. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                                        |
| EMAIL_HOST_USER                        | Email user account to send email. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                        |
| EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD                    | Email user account password. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                             |
|                                        | **Development-specific configuration**                                                                                                                                               |
| CACHED_GEOCODE_RESULT                  | Cached Google Geocoding response to use; e.g. '[{"address_components": [{"long_name": "50", ... }]'                                                                                  |
| CACHED_MET_EIREANN_RESULT              | Path relative to project root of forecast response to use; e.g. 'dev/data/met_eireann/cached_resp.xml'                                                                               |


# TODO add STORAGE_PROVIDER environment variables

#### Boolean environment variables
Set environment variables evaluating a boolean value, should be set to any of `true`, `on`, `ok`, `y`, `yes` or `1` to set true, otherwise the variable is evaluated as false.

#### FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable
The `locationforecast` application may be configured with multiple providers which utilise the
[Locationforecast](https://api.met.no/weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/documentation) weather forecast API developed by Met Norway.

The `FORECAST_PROVIDERS` environment variable is a comma-separated list of providers to use, of the form `<provider app name>_<provider id>`.

The convention is to name the provider class in the form `<provider id>Provider` where `<provider id>` is camel-cased, e.g. `met_eireann` becomes `MetEireannProvider`.
And the module name should be `<provider id>.py` e.g. `met_eireann.py`.

E.g. the following configures two providers; `met_eireann` and `met_norway_classic`, which will load the `MetEireannProvider` and `MetNorwayClassicProvider` classes respectively.
````shell
FORECAST_PROVIDERS=locationforecast_met_eireann,locationforecast_met_norway_classic
````

See [Locationforecast](docs/readme.md#locationforecast) for more details on the providers.


#### LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* environment variables
The configuration for each provider in the [FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable](#forecast_providers-environment-variable) 
must be provided by an environment variable of the following format:

- Environment variable name

    LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;*; where `<provider id>` is the id of the provider, e.g. `met_eireann`.
  
- Environment variable value

    A semicolon-seperated list of key-value pairs as outlined in the following table.

| Key       | Description                                                                                                                               |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name      | Display name of provider                                                                                                                  |
| url       | API url. See [Using unsafe characters in URLs](https://django-environ.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tips.html#using-unsafe-characters-in-urls) |
| latitude  | Latitude query parameter name, e.g. `latitude=lat`                                                                                        |
| longitude | Longitude query parameter name, e.g. `longitude=long`                                                                                     |
| from      | From date/time query parameter name                                                                                                       |
| to        | To date/time query parameter name                                                                                                         |
| tz        | A valid [IANA](https://www.iana.org/time-zones) timezone; e.g. `tz=Europe/Dublin`                                                         |
| country   | ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code for which provider provides forecasts; e.g. `country=IE`                                                  |

E.g. the following configure the `met_eireann` provider;
````shell
LOCATIONFORECAST_MET_EIREANN="name=Met Éireann;url=http://metwdb-openaccess.ichec.ie/metno-wdb2ts/locationforecast;latitude=lat;longitude=long;from=from;to=to;tz=UTC;country=IE"
````
**Note:** Keys not required by a particular provider should be omitted.

> See [Met Éireann Timezone anomaly](docs/readme.md#met-éireann-timezone-anomaly) for more details on the `tz` setting.

#### Environment variables
Set environment variables corresponding to the keys in [Table 1: Configuration settings](#table-1-configuration-settings).

##### Secret Key Generation
A convenient method of generating a secret key is to run the following command and copy its output.

```shell
$ python -c "import secrets; print(secrets.token_urlsafe())"
```

#### Email
Procedures differ depending on the email provider used.
for example, in order to configure Gmail as the email provider, the following actions must be performed.

* Login to [Gmail](https://mail.google.com/)
* Goto the Google Account settings and select [Security](https://myaccount.google.com/security)
* Under `How you sign in to Google` ensure 2-Step Verification is enabled
* Search for `App passwords` and create a new app password
* Copy the generated app password, and store securely


### Before first run
Before running the application for the first time following cloning from the repository and setting up a new database,
the following steps must be performed, from a terminal window, in the `weather-zone` folder.

#### Initialise the database
````shell
$ python manage.py migrate
````
#### Create a superuser
Enter `Username`, `Password` and optionally `Email address`.
````shell
$ python manage.py createsuperuser
````

#### Build Bootstrap
Build the customised version of Bootstrap.
````shell
$ npm run build
````

### Run server
In order to run the development server, run the following command from the `weather-zone` folder:

````shell
$ python manage.py runserver
````

By default, the server runs on port 8000 on the IP address 127.0.0.1.
See [runserver](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/ref/django-admin/#runserver) for details on passing an IP address and port number explicitly.

### Application structure
The application structure is as follows:

```
├─ README.md            - this file
├─ docs                 - documentation
├─ data                 - application data
├─ locale               - translation files
├─ manage.py            - application entry point
├─ weather_zone         - main Django application
├─ base                 - base Django application
├─ broker               - service broker application
├─ forecast             - application generating forecast data from provider data  
├─ locationforecast     - Locationforecast provider application
├─ static               - static files
└─ templates            - application templates
```

## Credits

The following resources were used to build the website.

### Content
- Logo [Weather forecast](https://icons8.com/icon/kLj4x6XyooyO/weather-forecast), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com).

    **Disclaimer:** The extraction and reuse of icons8 graphics is prohibited, as stated in the [license](https://icons8.com/license).
- The favicon for the site was generated by [RealFaviconGenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) from [Weather forecast](https://icons8.com/icon/kLj4x6XyooyO/weather-forecast), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)
- Weather forecast icons courtesy of [The Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation](https://nrkno.github.io/yr-weather-symbols/)
- [Wind direction icons](static/img/wind_icons) derived from [South icons created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/south)
- [Warning icon](https://icons8.com/icon/KarJz0n4bZSj/general-warning-sign), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [Boat icon](https://icons8.com/icon/66056/sail-boat), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [A icon](https://icons8.com/icon/38670/a), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [Breeze icon](https://icons8.com/icon/DSEt3IYZwWNb/breeze), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Breeze icon](https://icons8.com/icon/i90FKzAM6LYA/breeze), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Wind icon](https://icons8.com/icon/74197/wind), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Storm icon](https://icons8.com/icon/EKkPq7Olo1Hp/storm), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Tornado icon](https://icons8.com/icon/9309/tornado), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Nothing Found icon](https://icons8.com/icon/83786/nothing-found), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com).


### Code

- [Secret Key Generation](#secret-key-generation) courtesy of [Humberto Rocha](https://humberto.io/blog/tldr-generate-django-secret-key/)

Commit message:

feat: add custom error pages

README.md, after:

# Weather-Zone

Weather-Zone is a weather forecast application utilising multiple third-party weather forecasters, to provide address-based weather forecasts.

## Development and Local Deployment
### Environment
The development environment requires:

| Artifact                                 | Download and installation instructions       |
|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)           | https://nodejs.org/en/download/              |
| [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)            | Included with Node.js installation           |
| [git](https://git-scm.com/)              | https://git-scm.com/downloads                |
| [Python](https://www.python.org/)        | https://www.python.org/downloads/            |
| [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/)     | https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation |
| [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) | https://www.djangoproject.com/download/      |

### Setup
#### Clone Repository
In an appropriate folder, run the following commands:
```shell
> git clone https://github.com/ibuttimer/weather-zone.git
> cd weather-zone
```
Alternatively, most IDEs provide an option to create a project from Version Control.

#### Virtual Environment
It is recommended that a virtual environment be used for development purposes.
There are numerous options available; e.g. [venv](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/#creating-a-virtual-environment), [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) etc. 

Please see [Switching between environments](https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-environments/#switching-between-environments).

#### Environment Setup
In a terminal window, in the `weather-zone` folder, run the following command to setup required environment artifacts:
```shell
> npm install
```

#### Python Setup
In the `weather-zone` folder, run the following command to install the necessary python packages:
```shell
> poetry install
```

###### Table 1: Configuration settings
| Key                                    | Value                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ENV_FILE                               | If using an environment file, specifies the file to use. Defaults to `.env` in the project root folder.                                                                              |
| PORT                                   | Port application is served on; default 8000                                                                                                                                          |
| DEBUG                                  | A boolean that turns on/off debug mode; see [Boolean environment variables](#boolean-environment-variables)                                                                          |
| SECRET_KEY                             | [Secret key](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#std-setting-SECRET_KEY) for a particular Django installation. See [Secret Key Generation](#secret-key-generation)   |
| DATABASE_URL                           | [Database url](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/settings/#databases)                                                                                                        |
| FONTAWESOME_URL                        | Fontawesome kit url. See [Use a Kit](https://fontawesome.com/docs/web/setup/use-kit)                                                                                                 |
| REQUESTS_TIMEOUT                       | Requests timeout in seconds                                                                                                                                                          |
| FORECAST_PROVIDERS                     | List of forecast providers to use, see [FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable](#forecast_providers-environment-variable).                                                          |
| LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* | Individual forecast provider configuration settings, see [LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* environment variables](#locationforecast_provider-id-environment-variables).        |
| DEFAULT_SEND_EMAIL                     | Email address to send emails from. Only valid when development mode is enabled, in production mode emails are sent from `EMAIL_HOST_USER`                                            |
| EMAIL_HOST                             | SMTP server to send email. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                               |
| EMAIL_USE_TLS                          | Use Transport Layer Security (TLS) flag; see [Boolean environment variables](#boolean-environment-variables), default true. Only valid when production mode is enabled.              |
| EMAIL_PORT                             | SMTP server port. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                                        |
| EMAIL_HOST_USER                        | Email user account to send email. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                        |
| EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD                    | Email user account password. Only valid when production mode is enabled.                                                                                                             |
|                                        | **Development-specific configuration**                                                                                                                                               |
| CACHED_GEOCODE_RESULT                  | Cached Google Geocoding response to use; e.g. '[{"address_components": [{"long_name": "50", ... }]'                                                                                  |
| CACHED_MET_EIREANN_RESULT              | Path relative to project root of forecast response to use; e.g. 'dev/data/met_eireann/cached_resp.xml'                                                                               |


# TODO add STORAGE_PROVIDER environment variables

#### Boolean environment variables
Set environment variables evaluating a boolean value, should be set to any of `true`, `on`, `ok`, `y`, `yes` or `1` to set true, otherwise the variable is evaluated as false.

#### FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable
The `locationforecast` application may be configured with multiple providers which utilise the
[Locationforecast](https://api.met.no/weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/documentation) weather forecast API developed by Met Norway.

The `FORECAST_PROVIDERS` environment variable is a comma-separated list of providers to use, of the form `<provider app name>_<provider id>`.

The convention is to name the provider class in the form `<provider id>Provider` where `<provider id>` is camel-cased, e.g. `met_eireann` becomes `MetEireannProvider`.
And the module name should be `<provider id>.py` e.g. `met_eireann.py`.

E.g. the following configures two providers; `met_eireann` and `met_norway_classic`, which will load the `MetEireannProvider` and `MetNorwayClassicProvider` classes respectively.
````shell
FORECAST_PROVIDERS=locationforecast_met_eireann,locationforecast_met_norway_classic
````

See [Locationforecast](docs/readme.md#locationforecast) for more details on the providers.


#### LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;* environment variables
The configuration for each provider in the [FORECAST_PROVIDERS environment variable](#forecast_providers-environment-variable) 
must be provided by an environment variable of the following format:

- Environment variable name

    LOCATIONFORECAST_*&lt;provider id&gt;*; where `<provider id>` is the id of the provider, e.g. `met_eireann`.
  
- Environment variable value

    A semicolon-seperated list of key-value pairs as outlined in the following table.

| Key       | Description                                                                                                                               |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name      | Display name of provider                                                                                                                  |
| url       | API url. See [Using unsafe characters in URLs](https://django-environ.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tips.html#using-unsafe-characters-in-urls) |
| latitude  | Latitude query parameter name, e.g. `latitude=lat`                                                                                        |
| longitude | Longitude query parameter name, e.g. `longitude=long`                                                                                     |
| from      | From date/time query parameter name                                                                                                       |
| to        | To date/time query parameter name                                                                                                         |
| tz        | A valid [IANA](https://www.iana.org/time-zones) timezone; e.g. `tz=Europe/Dublin`                                                         |
| country   | ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code for which provider provides forecasts; e.g. `country=IE`                                                  |

E.g. the following configure the `met_eireann` provider;
````shell
LOCATIONFORECAST_MET_EIREANN="name=Met Éireann;url=http://metwdb-openaccess.ichec.ie/metno-wdb2ts/locationforecast;latitude=lat;longitude=long;from=from;to=to;tz=UTC;country=IE"
````
**Note:** Keys not required by a particular provider should be omitted.

> See [Met Éireann Timezone anomaly](docs/readme.md#met-éireann-timezone-anomaly) for more details on the `tz` setting.

#### Environment variables
Set environment variables corresponding to the keys in [Table 1: Configuration settings](#table-1-configuration-settings).

##### Secret Key Generation
A convenient method of generating a secret key is to run the following command and copy its output.

```shell
$ python -c "import secrets; print(secrets.token_urlsafe())"
```

#### Email
Procedures differ depending on the email provider used.
for example, in order to configure Gmail as the email provider, the following actions must be performed.

* Login to [Gmail](https://mail.google.com/)
* Goto the Google Account settings and select [Security](https://myaccount.google.com/security)
* Under `How you sign in to Google` ensure 2-Step Verification is enabled
* Search for `App passwords` and create a new app password
* Copy the generated app password, and store securely


### Before first run
Before running the application for the first time following cloning from the repository and setting up a new database,
the following steps must be performed, from a terminal window, in the `weather-zone` folder.

#### Initialise the database
````shell
$ python manage.py migrate
````
#### Create a superuser
Enter `Username`, `Password` and optionally `Email address`.
````shell
$ python manage.py createsuperuser
````

#### Build Bootstrap
Build the customised version of Bootstrap.
````shell
$ npm run build
````

### Run server
In order to run the development server, run the following command from the `weather-zone` folder:

````shell
$ python manage.py runserver
````

By default, the server runs on port 8000 on the IP address 127.0.0.1.
See [runserver](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/ref/django-admin/#runserver) for details on passing an IP address and port number explicitly.

### Application structure
The application structure is as follows:

```
├─ README.md            - this file
├─ docs                 - documentation
├─ data                 - application data
├─ locale               - translation files
├─ manage.py            - application entry point
├─ weather_zone         - main Django application
├─ base                 - base Django application
├─ broker               - service broker application
├─ forecast             - application generating forecast data from provider data  
├─ locationforecast     - Locationforecast provider application
├─ static               - static files
└─ templates            - application templates
```

## Credits

The following resources were used to build the website.

### Content
- Logo [Weather forecast](https://icons8.com/icon/kLj4x6XyooyO/weather-forecast), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com).

    **Disclaimer:** The extraction and reuse of icons8 graphics is prohibited, as stated in the [license](https://icons8.com/license).
- The favicon for the site was generated by [RealFaviconGenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) from [Weather forecast](https://icons8.com/icon/kLj4x6XyooyO/weather-forecast), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)
- Weather forecast icons courtesy of [The Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation](https://nrkno.github.io/yr-weather-symbols/)
- [Wind direction icons](static/img/wind_icons) derived from [South icons created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/south)
- [Warning icon](https://icons8.com/icon/KarJz0n4bZSj/general-warning-sign), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [Boat icon](https://icons8.com/icon/66056/sail-boat), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [A icon](https://icons8.com/icon/38670/a), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), background colour changed.
- [Breeze icon](https://icons8.com/icon/DSEt3IYZwWNb/breeze), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Breeze icon](https://icons8.com/icon/i90FKzAM6LYA/breeze), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Wind icon](https://icons8.com/icon/74197/wind), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Storm icon](https://icons8.com/icon/EKkPq7Olo1Hp/storm), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Tornado icon](https://icons8.com/icon/9309/tornado), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com), modified via Icons8 web tools.
- [Nothing Found icon](https://icons8.com/icon/83786/nothing-found), [Universal Multimedia License Agreement for Icons8](https://icons8.com/license), by [Icons8](https://icons8.com).
- [404 error icon](static/img/no-results.png) created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/404-error)
- [Explosion icon](static/img/nuclear-explosion.png) created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/explosion)
- [Stop sign icon](static/img/banned.png) created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/stop-sign)
- [Confusion icon](static/img/confusion.png) created by [Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/confusion)


### Code

- [Secret Key Generation](#secret-key-generation) courtesy of [Humberto Rocha](https://humberto.io/blog/tldr-generate-django-secret-key/)
